{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red24\green55\blue106;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
Gordon Macshane\
To\
'Ryan Ouellet'\
CC\
me\
\
Dec 5\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf0 Ryan,\
\'a0\
I hope this finds you well.\'a0 I thought of you when my son described a freshman project.\'a0 They are trying to develop a business plan for manufacturing a medical device.\'a0 His question is how do venders get their new products in front of Hospitals and who do they make the presentations to.\
\'a0\
Remember this is only a freshman project so he just needs the names of positions like Doctors, purchasing managers, CFOs and so forth.\
\'a0\
If you could give any information for him, I would appreciate it.\
\'a0\
Sincerely ,\
Gordon Macshane\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
Ryan Ouellet\
To\
'Gordon Macshane'\
CC\
me\
\
Dec 8\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf2 Right on, sounds like an interesting project. Every hospital handles new products and technology differently. Here at Sharp, we route all new vendors (whether they provide a product or service) through our Value Analysis Consultant. This is a System Supply Chain position and from here, vendors are funneled to a service line specific subcommittee such as spine, ortho, cardiac, etc. I believe this methodology is consistent with best practice and most organizations have a similar approach. There has been a strong push from providers recently to remove the sales reps from the facility (you might come across terminology like \'93Rep-less ORs\'94 and \'93vendor management strategies\'94) so as to put new product evaluation on a purely objective playing field seeking the right blend of cost/quality/outcomes, managed by supply chain, versus the way we used to do things where Docs requested specific products.\cf0 \
\cf2 \'a0\cf0 \
\cf2 Let me know if that helps and I\'92m happy to answer any other questions. I know it\'92s not a simple and straightforward response, but we\'92re talking about a very complex process that potentially involves everyone from the front-line worker to the C-suite.\cf0 \
\cf2 \'a0\cf0 \
\cf2 \'a0\cf0 \
\cf2 Ryan\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
me\
To\
Ryan Ouellet\
\
Today at 9:31 PM\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 \cb3 Thanks for your help! What you said was just what we needed to fill in some gaps for our final report.\
The medical device purchasing process, like you said, is fairly complicated, but we were able to summarize it partly due to this info. Thanks again!\
-Gordon Macshane\
}